update deployment specialized knowledge text (#28)
aws-quickstart/quickstart-aerospike: docs/partner_editable/specialized_knowledge.adoc

// For example: “familiarity with basic concepts in networking, database operations, and data encryption” or “familiarity with <software>.”
// Include links if helpful. 
// You don't need to list AWS services or point to general info about AWS; the boilerplate already covers this.

> There are many considerations for a production-grade Aeropsike deployment.  This Quick Start was designed for general purpose use and is not intended as a high performance configuration.  To learn more about high performance and fully resilient configurations, please refer to Aerospike best practices for https://docs.aerospike.com/docs/deploy_guides/aws/recommendations/index.html[AWS instance types with locally attached SSDs^].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are many considerations for a production-grade Aerospike deployment. This Quick Start was designed for general-purpose use and is not intended as a high-performance configuration. To learn more about high-performance and fully resilient configurations, see Aerospike best practices for AWS instance types with locally attached SSDs as documented here: https://docs.aerospike.com/docs/deploy_guides/aws/recommendations/index.html[Aerospike on Amazon EC2 - Recommendations^].
```
